== '''Liberalism''' ==

Majority rule - seems to be a very simple and natural principle for ponies. Innocent ponies do not need to rely on any complex system, which also leads to the fact that they rarely think about the simple concept of “democracy” in the past, which hides too many variables: electing leaders or parliament? Voting representatives or voting policies? How often to elect? Can leaders be re-elected? Is the right to vote equal? Are voters free? ...

These questions seem to be not what ponies need to consider, after all, an omnipotent monarch who can take care of everything is more reliable than anything. But as the world they live in is rapidly slipping in a direction they don’t want, maybe it’s time to start thinking about the necessity of exploring new systems.



'''Ideologies under Liberalism Ethos:'''
* Presidential Republic
* Parliamentary Republic
* Constitutional Monarchy
* Liberal Oligarchy
* Populism
* Democratic Freestate
* Interim Democratic Government
* Democratic Duchy
* Authoritarian Liberalism
* Totalitarian Liberalism
* Liberalism Utopia
* Liberalism Dystopia
* Theodemocracy
* Elite Democracy
* Liberalism Exporter
* Dogmatic Liberalism
* Democratic Federation
* Philanthropism
* Harmonic Liberalism



=== '''Presidential Republic''' ===

Leaders are elected via democratic vote to handle national affairs. The elected leader is both the head of state and the head of government. Historically, the power of the Alicorn princesses seemed unquestionable: naturally powerful magic meant a dominant position.

However, in the post-Alicorn era, how to choose a leader who could unite the country became a problem. Democrats believe that only through democratic elections can the most suitable leader be chosen. In the land of Equestria, this idea still has many problems: should each Unicorn, Earth Pony, and Pegasus have the same number of votes and parliament members? What about other species? Should individuals with powerful magic have more votes? Can the president, or the democratically elected leader given another title due to Equestria’s traditional culture, be re-elected?


=== '''Parliamentary Republic''' ===

Parliament members elected via democratic vote are jointly responsible for handling national affairs. The elected national leader is accountable to the parliament. In Equestria’s history, there was a rudimentary form of parliamentary system: for example, the Grand Equestria Pony Summit. However, because the Alicorns dominated that era, such parliament-like summits never held real power.

It wasn’t until after the Ultimate Battle that the absence of the Alicorn princesses gave rise to the opportunity for ponies in various regions to practice democracy. The same ethos also occurred among other species in Equestria. After the absolute rule of the Alicorns was gone, various species also began to question the rule of a monarch or a single leader, and in their exploration, developed political forms similar to a parliamentary system.


=== '''Constitutional Monarchy''' ===

In a Constitutional Monarchy system, governance is shared between a monarch with ceremonial duties and a constitution that outlines the distribution of power. Historically, Equestria was under the benevolent rule of Princesses Celestia and Luna, embodying both magical prowess and leadership. However, the transition post-Alicorn era brought forth questions about centralized power. While democratic ideals were more embraced than before, the idea of a monarch still held sway.

The idea of a Constitutional Monarchy emerged as a compromise between tradition and modern governance: the monarch remains as a symbol of unity and continuity, while the real power is held by the parliament or other democratic institutions.


=== '''Liberal Oligarchy''' ===

Like normal oligarchies, the highest power of these countries is firmly controlled by a small group of oligarchs. Although these oligarchs may fight each other for power and profit, this will not shake the solid system itself. In some places, this type of regime often wraps itself in a layer of “democracy” and “freedom”, some irrelevant powers are granted to the public and fake, manipulated elections are held.

Different from normal oligarchy that emphasizes diligence, obedience, or “for the princess", the liberal oligarchy emphasizes individual freedom, equality, and individual rights. Unfortunately, these slogans are mostly tools for the oligarchs to attack each other, and are only enjoyed by them.


=== '''Populism''' ===

What to do when multiple individuals have conflicts? In the early days of Equestria, the obvious answer to this question was to have an argument, or even a duel. However, since Windigo showed all creatures the dangers of conflict, ponies began to try to find a more peaceful resolution.

Populism can be found in modern countries, city-states, communes, and even primitive tribes: one creature, one vote, majority decides. Majority always means correct, minority always means wrong, isn’t it natural?


=== '''Democratic Freestate''' ===

Long before the era of the Alicorns - when there were only a few loose city-states on the land - some independent city-states had adopted a certain democratic system. Most of the so-called “democracies” in the city-states have strict restrictions that only allow nobles to participate in democratic politics, and most commoners still live in despot and even slavery. However, due to the spread of the idea of friendship and harmony, the group enjoying freedom is gradually expanding. After entering the era of the Alicorns, for a considerable period of time, due to the existence of a unified central regime, these democratic systems could only survive on the edge of civilized areas.

Nowadays, there are few countries that can meet the traditional definition of city-states, and they have been replaced by emerging cities formed in chaotic international situations. After the collapse of the central regime, various regions began to huddle together. Some of these cities chose a democratic system and became modern democratic freestates. These cities have often developed into huge metropolitan areas, some of which can even form their own economic systems. However, they often lack sufficient military power to protect themselves. Sometimes several freestates form loose alliances, and most of the time they choose to attach or even integrate into a larger power.


=== '''Interim Democratic Government''' ===

Sometimes, it is very dangerous to implement a complete democratic system in a place that has just experienced great turmoil or even an anarchic zone, as this may lead to some malicious ones taking advantage of the imperfect system and causing disasters. Therefore, the establishment of democracy requires a process, just like planting a plant.

Interim democratic governments are often established on ruins, which may come from a post-war wasteland or a revolutionary birthplace. The goal of this government is to establish a truly democratic regime, and what they are in now is a difficult transition period. Many of them cannot even be called a government, but more like an organization or an influential club. Therefore, the government’s first goal is to maintain its own existence, and it has to take certain regulatory measures and carefully handle the conflicts that arise between various factions. Of course, this stage will eventually end, and the most ideal situation is that a democratic and free new regime is established full of hope. The worst situation is that the hard-won democracy falls back into chaos.


=== '''Democratic Duchy''' ===

The concept of democracy seems to contradict the idea of a duchy of a lord, but in some cases, this is still possible: if the lord seems to be indifferent to the affairs of the duchy.

The most typical democratic duchy in Equestria appeared in the jurisdiction of the Equestria Empire. Although Cozy Glow has been crowned the so-called “Empress”, after the war, her control over various regions of Equestria has become very weak. The newborn empire is facing internal and external troubles, and rebellions are emerging one after another. Cozy Glow can only decentralize power, enfeoff a group of dukes/duchesses to help her rule the vast land of Equestria. Each duchy enjoys a certain degree of autonomy, and some regions can even implement a certain degree of democratic system: rulers, like the president of a democratic country, can be elected by the local ponies, and there is a certain degree of autonomy in both economic and military aspects. Some even directly obtain recognition of autonomy.

Although you can see weird titles like “elected duke/duchess” in these democratic duchies, it must be noted that these places are far from real “democracy”. Canterlot still has the right to veto all local affairs, including election results, and the empire can also have a considerable influence on local politics and economy. As for the military, it is even more strictly restricted. At the beginning of the establishment of the empire, these duchies were relatively prosperous. As time goes by, the centralization of power is gradually strengthening, and these democratic duchies may also face extinction...


=== '''Authoritarian Liberalism''' ===

“Freedom has boundaries. Absolute freedom will only lead to the exploitation of the weak by the strong.” This is the creed of the authoritarian liberalists. Therefore, they tend to protect individual freedom through coercive means rather than choices made by individuals with free will. In this system, the government strictly controls the behavior of individuals to ensure the maximization of overall freedom in society. For example, they oppose monopolies economically, discrimination culturally, and bureaucracy politically.

However, who can define “freedom”? Can the government represent the “freedom” of society as a whole? Once, this question was simple, when asked who could be the definer of “freedom”, they would always answer: “For example, Princess Luna, she never managed so many things like Princess Celestia.” Whether this answer can convince dissenters, this answer can no longer be used now, and authoritarian liberalism inevitably falls into a dilemma of self-contradiction.


=== '''Totalitarian Liberalism''' ===

“You can’t force a pony to be happy against their will. But what if you forcefully give them free will? What if you install in them a single thought: ‘From now on, you make your own decisions and take responsibility for your own actions’?” As the totalitarian liberalists force their interpretation of freedom on everypony else, some may accuse them of violating the fundamental principles of freedom themselves. But they never argue, since having opposing opinions is a sign of freedom which they are very happy to hear. Of course, they also have the freedom to ignore these opinions.

Don’t misread totalitarian liberalism as a form of disguised tyranny as their is no tyrant in this system: the military, the police, the beurocracts, the capitalists, the leaders, ... no one is above suspicion. Also, don’t view totalitarian liberalism as an FFA society, as there is a powerful central government overseeing all actions that create unfreedom.

If you attempt to exploit the system, then you are free to do so and you are likely to be caught. If you attempt to resist the system, then you are free to do so and you are likely to be caught. If you attempt to make yourself unfree, you are also likely to be caught and forced to accept freedom in prison.


=== '''Liberalism Utopia''' ===

Here, the practice of democracy has achieved unprecedented success, marked by a deep commitment to individual rights, freedoms, and the rule of law. Like in a science fiction novel, the society has secured all pros of democracy, like freedom, equality, diversity, prosperity, justice, and avoided all cons, like inefficiency, monopoly and corruption. The government is transparent, the economy is prosperous, and the ponies are happy. Nopony knows how they did it, but what can you argue about a country on a land of magic and rainbows?


=== '''Liberalism Dystopia''' ===

Here, the practice of democracy has gotten out of control, and under the false appearance hides a terrifying reality. The liberalism ideology itself has succeeded, and the pursuit of individual rights has overwhelmed all other voices. Soon, the concept of the nation is forgotten, and the whole meaning of each citizen’s life is to please themselves, and other independent, autonomous individuals.

Unlike anarchy, in liberalism dystopia respects the rights of each individual. Sadly, after gaining infinite freedom in the spiritual world, the material world will not naturally become better: what to eat tonight, what to wear tomorrow morning, where they should come from, these are all the business of each pony themselves. No one is responsible for this, or rather, no one should be responsible for anything, and no one should attack each other because of different ideas - except for the occasional Ostracism towards “The Enemies of Liberalism”.


=== '''Theodemocracy''' ===

For some strange religious believers, democracy is not only a political system, but also a belief. For example, some ponies believe that the Holy Mother Lauren created Equestria, and her will should be the highest law. At the same time, they believe that only through democratic elections can the will of the Holy Mother be realized. In myths, they describe the Holy Mother Lauren as an Alicorn, the mother of Princesses Celestia and Luna, and the creator of Equestria. The two princesses of her creation, representing the sun and the moon respectively, ruled Equestria, precisely because of the balance concept she followed.

Of course, not all theodemocrats worship the Holy Mother Lauren, but no matter who their worship, at least they all believe in the concept of “democracy” itself. Different methods, the same purpose, so they should not have too much disagreement, or fight each other, right? ... Emm, right?


=== '''Elite Democracy''' ===

Elite Democracy chooses to inherit the fine traditions from the Celestia era (for some ponies, they prefer to call it “in the spirit of Empress Cozy Glow”): individuals with powerful magic are naturally more qualified to become leaders of the country and the army, and individuals with more knowledge naturally become officials of the government. Although after the Ultimate Battle, the consensus on who is more suitable to gain power gradually collapsed, it does not mean that we need to abandon this idea. Just introduce some modern elements, such as elections, and Equestria can reach a consensus again.

Elite Democracy emphasizes that only qualified individuals have the right to participate in elections, including the right to vote and be elected. The ability is the basic requirement to obtain the qualification to be elected, and after qualified... the ability to win the support of the public itself is also an ability.


=== '''Liberalism Exporter''' ===

Just like Twilight Sparkle once thought that Harmonism was an excellent idea that should be promoted to the world, some radical liberals believe that “freedom” is also an idea that needs to be actively promoted. However, some of them are more extreme, believing that it is impossible to make those species who are accustomed to living under the rule of princesses, kings, nobles, or deity accept freedom only through peaceful means. When asked if this behavior violates the basic principles of liberalism, they always answer: “The learning process is always painful, but at least they have the freedom to choose afterwards. If they choose not to be free, it means they haven’t learned enough.”


=== '''Dogmatic Liberalism''' ===

“What is freedom?” is a common question that troubles many liberals, but some experienced Equestrian librarians may try to find some authoritative answers. They can always dig out a few old ancient books, claiming that they come from a basement of the two sisters. These books contain the wisdom of the ancestors, who have detailed definitions of what “freedom” is and how to achieve “freedom”. The records in these books can even be traced back to the era of the Three Tribes Covenant, so what they say must be the absolute truth.

If you secretly try to modify the contents of these ancient books, then you are likely to get their support after success. But these old scholars are often too familiar with the contents of the ancient books, so it is difficult for you to do so.


=== '''Democratic Federation''' ===

Compared to a unified political entity, multiple different countries and different species may choose to unite together to jointly face external threats, develop the economy together, and solve problems together. This federal system often retains the autonomy of each member country, but on some important issues, the federal government has the final decision-making power. In this system, each member country will send representatives to participate in the decision-making of the federal government, and the federal government will be responsible for maintaining the interests of the entire federation.

Anugypt is the most typical example of a democratic federation. Since the disappearance of the ancient Anugyptian dynasties, Anugypt has re-entered the city-state era. It is difficult for a single city-state to survive in the desert, so different city-states have formed the Anugypt League Conference on the basis of retaining autonomy to coordinate affairs between city-states. Sometimes, some city-states are dissatisfied with the decisions of this conference and threaten to withdraw from the League, but most of the time, without external intervention, a compromise will always be found.


=== '''Philanthropism''' ===

As another branch of liberalism, they not only focus on freedom, but also hope to balance freedom and equality. This ideology emphasizes the importance of equality and the welfare of all citizens, and the government provides social services such as medical care, education, and social security to all citizens. On the one hand, they emphasize efforts to reduce the gap between the rich and the poor; on the other hand, they also emphasize respect and freedom for individuals, as well as the necessity of democratic procedures. Undoubtedly, Philanthropism will never be welcomed by the factions advocating revolutionary equatism, who often criticize the former for its weakness and compromise and the abandonment of the agenda of class struggle. Though considered as a complete betrayal of equatism, Philanthropism still receives widespread support in many places, especially in countries that are already relatively stable and have well-functioning organizational structures. 

Ponies are innocent species. When they taste the sweetness brought by philanthropism, they will soon be willing to pay for it sincerely and help each other with all their efforts; but at the same time, they are also gullible species. A few words may destroy a system that operates only based on the idea of “mutual-trust” or “dedication” — which is not uncommon in Equestria’s history.


=== '''Harmonic Liberalism''' ===

For Equestria, the word “liberalism” is so unfamiliar. This novel ideology is not native, but comes from a distant dimension. In that strange place called “Earth”, there is a group of “humans” who believe in maintaining personal freedom of thought, limiting the government’s use of power, and ensuring the right to life, etc. On the other hand, the Harmonism that originated from Equestria advocates that individuals in a society should promote Harmonism spirit to achieve social harmony. Unlike Philanthropism, Harmonism does not emphasize equality, but emphasizes virtues: honesty, kindness, laughter, generosity, loyalty, and the most important things that makes the ideas of Harmonism so special in Equestria: those magical rainbow lasers are real. However, unlike those ethos that take Harmonism as their primary goal, Harmonic Liberalism emphasizes the way to achieve harmony. They do not believe that ponies can easily achieve Harmonism, and the failed M6 is a good example. Instead of immediately entering a utopia, a more realistic strategy is to slowly move towards a Harmonic society under the protection of a fair system.

Sunset Shimmer has been exposed to “liberalism” for a long time as she lived in the human world: democratic procedures, private property, freedom of speech, free market... She believes that the ideas advocated by liberalism are in line with the long-standing Harmonism of ponies but only more progressive and efficient. After coming to Storm Island and initially gaining control of the local area, Sunset couldn’t wait to launch her ideal society here. However, Sunset Shimmer is just an ordinary, underage student. Therefore this liberal harmonism does not have a complete theoretical system to support it, and all discussions about it are only in a few chat messages. It can be said that this theory was born with many loopholes and far from being used to govern. And Sunset’s setbacks on Storm Island also confirmed this. In any case, this idea has been spread, and it is beginning to become popular outside of Storm Island, too. Perhaps in the future, this idea can be perfected and widely accepted. But now, it will be tested first in the cruel struggle on this strange land.


== '''Despotism''' ==

In a considerable period of time, the Alicorns were the undisputed rulers of ponies, and those individuals with extraordinary magic were born to be responsible for leading everything. Their rule has also withstood the test of time, maintaining harmony and stability in Equestria and even the world for a considerable period of time — until the entire system collapsed. Even outside of Equestria, individuals with extraordinary abilities often firmly grasp the highest power, some of the wise kings make the country prosperous, and some of the tyrants make disasters and tragedies frequent.

Even so, whether it is ponies or other creatures, the historical inertia of relying on a strong leader still exists: with a strong leader to lead everypony, ordinary citizens do not have to worry about politics, isn’t this a happy thing for everypony?

Of course, dissenters do exist, but their voices are always drowned out — even eliminated.



'''Ideologies under Despotism Ethos:'''
* Principate
* Dual System
* Absolute Monarchy
* Oligarchy
* Chiefdom
* Despotic City-state
* Usurpers Group
* Duchy
* Authoritarianism
* Totalitarianism
* Ideal State
* Dystopia
* Theocracy
* Technocracy
* Stratocracy
* Civilian Dictatorship
* Monarchy Confederation
* Cadencism
* Enlightened Despotism
* Neo-Harmonism



=== '''Principate''' ===

It turns out that you can be a princess/prince/queen/king/emperor/empress and a supporter of the republic at the same time. All you need is to change your name to: president, princeps, chairpony, prime minister, chancellor, steward, archon, leader... You don’t even need to hold an election to satisfy the public. So this is how liberty dies, with thunderous applause.


=== '''Dual System''' ===

A dual system country has two power structures: a government appointed by the monarch and a parliament elected by the public, with the monarch government having more power. Generally speaking, most constitutional monarchies often limit royal power and grant more power to the parliament. Over time, royal power will be weakened, and actual power will be transferred to the parliament. However, in a dual constitutional monarchy (who often claim to be true constitutional monarchies), the monarch’s power is still quite reserved, and they can exert a great influence on the country’s politics, while the parliament can actually do very little, far from achieving the goal of truly constraining royal power.

This abnormal system generally comes from the compromise between democratic forces and despotic forces, such as the Grand Equestria Pony Summit: cities eager for democracy, but they had no objection to the wise rule of Princess Celestia, so they didn’t mind letting the parliament be a decoration. A more typical example comes from the Crystal Empire. Here, the democratic forces have never had the ability to overthrow the royal family. After the defeat of the Crystal Empire, Empress Cozy Glow and Queen Chrysalis forcibly established a council in this country, allowing “foreign forces” to disguise themselves as “democratic forces”. At first, relying on the support of the Equestria Empire and the Changeling Empire, as well as the “Ceasefire”, the council had great power, and the Crystal Empire could almost be said to have become a constitutional monarchy, only colonized. As Flurry Heart grew up, the proportion of royal supporters in the cabinet gradually increased, and the power of the council was gradually weakened... The Crystal Empire began to become a typical representative of a dual system constitutional monarchy.


=== '''Absolute Monarchy''' ===

As its name suggests, in absolute monarchy the monarch controls all the powers of the country and has the right to make decisions on all domestic matters. For the central continent and other regions of Equestria, the monarchy can be said to be one of the oldest and most enduring forms of government. For the past thousand years, the vast majority of countries in the world have adopted a monarchy. However, as time goes by, more and more problems exposed by the monarchy. For some species, like ponies, the powerful magic and scarcity of Alicorns naturally become their legitimacy as monarchs, but this scarcity also becomes an unstable factor in the era of power transfer, such as now. And more monarchs of other species come from bloodlines, cultures, institutional traditions, or some inexplicable talents such as being able to perceive ore veins.

With the gradual development of technology, in the rapid colonization and industrialization process of Equestria, the original monarchs, due to their scarcity or traditional restrictions, cannot effectively manage these emerging fields in a timely manner, which has led to the incubation of countless local organizations and emerging social classes. In the struggle between these emerging forces and conservative nobles, the power of the monarch is gradually eroded. The traditional monarchy system has encountered great challenges, and whether the monarchies can withstand the test of time has become an increasingly bothering and urgent issue.


=== '''Oligarchy''' ===

The characteristic of an oligarchic society is that power is highly concentrated in a small number of elites. The reasons for the formation of oligarchs may be wealth, bloodlines, or powerful magic, but they are all high up for various reasons. A few oligarchic countries may be under the guise of democracy, but more simply legalize their power through culture or law. Although the oligarchs may fight among themselves, the ruling oligarchs may fall, but the ones who replace them are often just new oligarchs.

Oligarchic countries may have many forms of expression, but they almost invariably implement similar policies — deliberately creating poverty, forcibly controlling the public, controlling speech and assembly, and even using violence to forcibly suppress all situations that may threaten their rule. In an oligarchic country system, rising is a luxury, and ordinary ones have little hope of getting ahead.


=== '''Chiefdom''' ===

Chiefdom is a primitive political system that usually only appears in tribal societies. In a chiefdom tribe, the chief is the leader of the tribe, and their power is usually inherited from bloodlines, a few from some primitive beliefs, and even fewer from abdication or drawing lots. Although the despotic power of the chief may not be much different from the leader of a despotic city-state or a principate country, what evil deeds can they do in a primitive tribe?


=== '''Despotic City-state''' ===

The mayor of a despotic city-state may not be much different from a leader of a principate country, but the scope of their power sets them apart. Greater power means greater risk: the absolute power obtained in a small city is often more powerful than a country’s leader, but it is also often easier to be overthrown by a small matter. In the era of Twilight Sparkle, Trixie Lulamoon once became the leader of Ponyville - although her rule only lasted for an afternoon. Besides, dictators in city-states are often easily overthrown by external forces: in ancient Anugypt, before Anubis and Cleopetra’s offspring expanded into an empire, they were a group of despotic city-states; and when these leaders disappeared, their city-states often disappeared with them.


=== '''Usurpers Group''' ===

Perhaps this country has just been established; perhaps this country is in the midst of disaster and turmoil; perhaps democracy in this country is on the verge of extinction. In any case, a small group of usurpers has just gained power, what is their goal? Is it to establish a new despotic regime, or to promote their ideology, or to seek benefits for the forces behind them? Or do they just want a higher-paying job? In any case, their actions will have a profound impact on the future of this country.


=== '''Duchy''' ===

The duchy is a new political system that has never appeared in the history of Equestria’s land. This is because in history, whether it is the Three Tribes, the Alicorn Regime, or other species such as the Griffon Kingdom, there is no need to enfeoff a regional lord. After the Ultimate Battle, Empress Cozy Glow gained power, and the Royal Committee of Equestria was unable to control various rebellious regions. This novel “enfeoffment system” was invented by Empress Cozy Glow: they enfeoffed some regions to some loyal dukes/duchesses, allowing them to have absolute power in these regions. The advantage of this system is that, on the one hoof, a duke/duchess can help Empress Cozy Glow suppress rebellions in the region, and can be directly abandoned when necessary, thereby avoiding leaving a bad reputation for Empress Cozy Glow; on the other hoof, if these dukes/duchesses are more likable than Empress Cozy Glow, it will also reduce the resistance of the region. The central government does not need to provide solutions to regional problems, and the region needs to support Empress Cozy Glow. However, the disadvantages of this system are also obvious: if the duke/duchess is unpopular, then that duke/duchess is not very useful; and if the duke/duchess is too popular, once the duke/duchess betrays, the region will fall into chaos and quickly leave the empire. Therefore, Empress Cozy Glow only regards the duchy as a temporary measure, not a long-term political system.


=== '''Authoritarianism''' ===

Under an authoritarian rule, the leader’s authority was absolute, with little room for dissent or opposition. Compared to Principate or Absolute Monarchy, the power in an authoritarian regime is even more concentrated on the central government and the dictator itself.

Some may say such system once existed in the Dragon Land, as the former Dragon Lord Torch managed to held his absolute power for hundreds of years. However, as Ember took the throne, the Dragon Land began to move towards a more mild system, reverting back to a normal monarchy system as it was before Torch’s reign.


=== '''Totalitarianism''' ===

Totalitarianism is an upgraded version of authoritarianism, where the state’s control over citizens can penetrate into every corner of life. The government usually controls citizens’ thoughts through propaganda, education, religion, culture, etc., and establishes individual worship of the leader.

However, pure totalitarianism is very rare in Equestria, not because Equestria lacks usurpers and dictators, but because dictators often do not settle for being an ordinary tyrant after entering totalitarianism: either they will become a conqueror, expanding their country and promoting their ideology worldwide; or they will pursue absolute strength to secure throne, eventually find the secret of transcendence and even become a deity.


=== '''Ideal State''' ===

Here, individual worship of the leader is no longer false propaganda, and the wise and gentle leader has done everything he promised and promoted. Such an ideal state previously only existed in the imagination of some monarchists, as even the most peaceful and prosperous Equestria under Princess Celestia’s rule, has not yet reached the standard of an ideal state. However, if you deny the existence of an ideal state just because of this, you are making a claim too hastily. If there is anything to learn from Equestria’s history, it is that: everything is possible. Every leader, whether an usurper or a selfless saint, has the possibility to realize his dream.


=== '''Dystopia''' ===

Many freedom fighters subconsciously mistakenly believe that a despotic regime serves the interests of a small group of interests at the expense of the most. But at least for a dystopia, this is a complete misunderstanding. Because here, a despotic regime can serve the interests of nopony at the expense of all. The continuation of power itself has overwhelmed everything, whether it is the public, grassroots officials, senior officials, or the dictator, they are all irrelevant and can be discarded at any time like a pawn. We are all chained by the same chain, and both the upper and lower classes are equally exhausted.


=== '''Theocracy''' ===

In a theocratic country, the leader is either a real deity, a self-proclaimed representative of a deity, or a commoner who is inexplicably placed on the altar of a god. Religious beliefs are not a new concept in the world of Equestria, from the Thestrals that worship the Nightmare Moon, to the Shadow Disciples following King Sombra, to the M6 followers who erupted internal disputes just because of a few friendship journals... Ponies’ brains are so simple and naive that sometimes forgetting all logic and arguments and simply following an ideal leader or deity in their hearts may be the best choice for them. If thinking is too difficult, then why not give up thinking and believe in the blessing of the deity and the arrangement of fate?


=== '''Technocracy''' ===

Magic is disappearing, and the Windigo is devouring our homeland that we rely on to survive. Whether it is the liberals, the despots, the equatists, or any other -ists, they cannot overcome this difficulty. The harmonists claimed that “friendship is magic”, but it is obvious that they have not been able to fulfill their mission. Ideological differences can no longer solve real-world problems, and to make up for the decline in productivity caused by the loss of magic, the only choice for ordinary ponies or muggle creatures is to turn to technology.

In this situation, technocracy becomes the only choice: only those leaders and pioneers who truly understand the future can lead us out of the predicament. Fair distribution of power and interests? It’s just a farce, only steam engines and generators are the real saviors of ponies.


=== '''Stratocracy''' ===

As the ponies and changelings look back at their country falling apart, some blame the former monarchs who did nothing, some blame the usurpers who rose in the war, and some blame the silent public. However, some ponies believe: this must be because we do not pay enough attention to national defense. Even before the Ultimate Battle, the Royal Guard of Equestria was already an empty shell; the metamorphosed Changeling Kingdom also lost almost all of their military power; the Crystal Empire was trapped in its dream of peace for too long; the griffons also lacked warriors and martial spirit... So, all these mistakes come from the absence of the military, only a strong military can end everything and defend the millennium of peace.

The problem is, just like apple pie can be eaten as well as thrown at your enemy, who should the ultimate controller of the military be is an important issue. For a military government, this question no longer needs to be answered. “Government by the soldiers, of the soldiers, for soldiers”, this is the entire philosophy of a military government.


=== '''Civilian Dictatorship''' ===

It must be admitted that all the creatures, regardless of which country or which species they come from, have been disgusted with chaos and strife. Since the Ultimate Battle, the riots seem to have never stopped. Law and order, this is our only hope.

But who will be the enforcer of order? Ponies do not want to see military dictators, nor do they want to see religious figures or usurpers, they only want to see a mediocre government that can maintain law and order. For this reason, they are willing to embrace bureaucracy: only those who can strictly abide by the rules can become leaders. No matter who is the maker of the rules, the system that has been running for thousands of years will never go wrong, right? Mediocre, bloated, inefficient, but stable, stable, stable, and last but not least, stable.


=== '''Monarchy Confederation''' ===

Out of racial or historical reasons, some countries may have multiple monarchs, such as Princess Celestia who rules the day and Princess Luna who rules the night; sometimes multiple countries may have the same monarch, such as Equestria and the Thestrals during the Nightmare Moon period; sometimes a monarchial country may form an alliance with other countries, such as the rule of Queen Novo of Seaquestria who also reigns over Hippogriffia. In short, a monarchy confederation formed in different forms is one of the more common political systems in Equestria’s history. However, such a federation often does not exist stably for a long time. When Princess Luna were sent to the moon, Princess Celestia took over the entire Equestria, and the Thestrals also became independent; and the alternation of rule between Hippogriffia and Seaquestria in the confederation also made them not always live in a monarchy.


=== '''Cadencism''' ===

As the monarch responsible for “love”, Cadence advocates the concept of equality, believing that every Crystal Empire pony should receive equal love. Whether during her life in Equestria, her reign in the Crystal Empire, or her current retirement, Princess Cadence is warmly welcomed by the ponies. Even though Empress Cozy Glow has already classified Princess Cadence and Shining Armor as “war criminals of the Crystal Empire”, foreign forces still dare not openly defame Princess Cadence within the Crystal Empire. It is Princess Cadence’s spirit of universal love that has won her the loyal support of the Crystal Empire ponies, and has allowed her and Shining Armor to avoid the fate of being executed by the Equestria and Changeling Empires.


=== '''Enlightened Despotism''' ===

Benevolent despotism argues that if a leader can bring prosperity and harmony to the country, then his/her despotic rule is justified. Many supporters of Princess Celestia regard her as a model of enlightened monarchs, but using her as a defense of the monarchy has not gained market: Celestiaists hope to draw a clear line with these enlightened monarchists. One of their main disagreements is: for Celestiaists, the Harmonic ideology is the foundation of Equestria, and the reason why Princess Celestia is an excellent leader is because she follows the Harmonic ideology; while for enlightened monarchists, the Harmonic ideology is just a tool, as long as it can bring harmony and prosperity, it can be changed at will, and it is because Princess Celestia is an excellent leader that ponies will praise her Harmonic ideology. This disagreement did not erupt under Princess Celestia’s rule, but if you ask whether other monarchs can be considered “enlightened” or “benevolent”, even the most orthodox enlightened monarchists will immediately burst into a fierce argument.


=== '''Neo-Harmonism''' ===

Although Cozy Glow has gained control of Equestria, she still does not have the support of the public. The way she gained power is completely illegal, and her actions are also “slightly different” from traditional Harmonism. Therefore, from nobles to beggars, every pony is just superficially obedient, having their own thoughts behind their backs, mocking the so-called “Empress of the Empire”.

To change all this, it is necessary to start from tossing the ponies’ thoughts. Every pony’s mind is more or less contaminated by the remnants of the former dynasty, and their outdated Harmonic ideology interferes with the normal governance of the empire and provides legal grounds for rebels. Therefore, Cozy Glow has formulated her own “Neo-Harmonism” focusing on individual worshipping. As long as you respect the Empress and assume the Empress is absolutely correct, then the specific definition of harmony is no longer important. Empress Cozy Glow once said that the six elements of harmony are five turtlenecks and a cheese grater, then she is right. Although this idea is still not accepted by most ponies, Cozy Glow has ordered the rewriting of textbooks, the control of publishing and gatherings, and continuous propaganda nationwide. She is trying to erase all traces of the old Harmonic ideology. As long as the policy continues, in time, the five turtlenecks and a cheese grater will be deeply imprinted in the minds of every generation of ponies in the name of the Empress.


== '''Harmonism''' ==

“Friendship is Magic!” I think this is not a question that needs to be discussed too much in Equestria — until those pioneers and definers of friendship have gradually gone away. The concept of harmony is becoming increasingly blurred in the hearts of ponies, different factions are beginning to form, and an Ethos that advocates harmony itself has ultimately become the source of quite a lot of disagreements.

Sometimes, maybe all we need to do is look back, remember why we started, remember those friendships, remember those harmonies.



'''Ideologies under Harmonism Ethos:'''
* Conservative Harmonism
* Democratic Harmonism
* Celestiaism
* Twilightism
* Harmonic Tribe
* Harmonic Freestate
* Harmonic Corporatism
* Harmonism Apprentice
* Authoritarian Harmonism
* Totalitarian Harmonism
* Harmonism Utopia
* Harmonism Dystopia
* Harmonic Theocracy
* Harmonic Rationalism
* Harmonism Exporter
* Dogmatic Harmonism
* Friendshipism
* Harmonic Spirit
* Revengeful Harmonism
* Ocellusism



=== '''Conservative Harmonism''' ===

“Friendship IS Magic”, and it is a foolish act to argue with each other because of different interpretations of the idea of harmony. Generosity, honesty, laughter, kindness, loyalty, magic... These beautiful virtues that allow ponies to get along with each other in a friendly and harmonious way are naturally harmony, just as certified by the Tree of Harmony, the Treehouse of Harmony, and the Friendship Map. From Star Swirl, to Princess Celestia, to Twilight Sparkle, generations of great ponies have interpreted the meaning of harmony with their own actions, and we should also remember them all.

No matter how distorted this world is today, whether the idea of harmony is misinterpreted or demonized, every pony’s heart naturally has a balance: every pony has the ability to measure whether their behavior conforms to harmony, without any government or leader telling them what is harmony or what is not. Because Harmonism is not a political idea, but a simple value, a natural way of life.


=== '''Democratic Harmonism''' ===

Everypony may have their own understanding of harmony, and most of the time, their understanding is consistent, but sometimes they may have differences. At this time, the simplest solution is naturally to decide by voting. To satisfy as many ponies as possible, this is the meaning of democracy, and this is the way to maximize social harmony.

Harmony is hidden in the heart of every pony, and every pony together forms harmony, which is also applicable to creatures of other species.


=== '''Celestiaism''' ===

After Princess Celestia sent her sister Nightmare Moon to the moon for the well-being of the ponies, under her rule, Equestria has enjoyed a millennium of peace and prosperity. A well-recognized Harmonic monarch leads the country —— this is the core of Celestiaism. In this political system, although the monarch has almost absolute power, the idea of harmony itself constrains the monarch’s behavior. Indeed, even the near-perfect Princess Celestia cannot avoid making mistakes, but it is difficult to say that her rule is unsuccessful over a millennium.

However, it is worth noting that Celestiaism has never been able to solve the problem of power transfer: no monarch can rule forever, and in the issue of finding a successor, Celestia failed. This is also the reason why Equestria has entered the current situation, so how to ensure the continuity of the Harmonic monarch is a problem worth thinking about. Another more realistic problem faced by Celestiaism is that this name is no longer allowed to be mentioned. Some ponies want to rename it “Harmonic Monarchy”, but this name has not been popularized yet.


=== '''Twilightism''' ===

Generosity, honesty, laughter, kindness, loyalty, and magic. Six ponies together formed the Friendship Committee, each in charge of her own spirit of harmony, jointly maintaining the harmony of Equestria. Members of the Friendship Committee may retire, but the ideas they represent will be passed down from generation to generation; old ideas of harmony may be replaced by new ideas of harmony, and the leader will also cultivate her own apprentices, but the core of Harmonism will never change ——

So sad that none of this has happened. But does it matter? Twilight Sparkle’s apprentices are still active in every corner of Equestria, and her “Friendship Journals” are still published in underground publishing houses. Someday, a new Friendship Committee will appear again and continue to maintain the harmony of Equestria —— even if the members are no longer the original six ponies. But does it matter?


=== '''Harmonic Tribe''' ===

The idea of harmony is so common in Equestria that even primitive tribes that have not yet entered the civilized era may adopt harmony as their guiding ideology. Such a society is to some extent in a rather primitive state, with social members generally linked by blood relationships, living a life of farming and hunting in the vast natural environment, and living a life of peace. Sometimes, several tribes form a loose alliance, barely ruling a fairly empty area. The members of these tribes all recognize Harmonism to some extent, although their Harmonic ideas are still quite primitive and rudimentary, and they are not even clear about what harmony is. All that matters is that they often live in unity and mutual assistance, equal cooperation, and some scholars believe that this is the prototype of modern Harmonism.

For example, the Buffalo Tribe once had a long-standing conflict with the Apple Family: the Buffalo Tribe believed that the settled Apple Family colonists had destroyed their environment and taken away their homeland. But in the end, with the mediation of ponies such as Twilight Sparkle, the Buffalo Tribe and the Apple Family reached a reconciliation and lived mutually beneficially on the same land. Since then, Chief Thunderhooves has become the Harmonic chief of the tribe, and the buffalo gradually moved towards civilization with the help of the Apple Family.


=== '''Harmonic Freestate''' ===

The Harmonic freestates first appeared in the pre-Pillars era, when pegasi, earth ponies, and unicorns had reached a reconciliation and established many freestates throughout Equestria where different species coexisted. Due to the long-term coexistence and the inconvenience of ancient communication caused by the remnants of the Windigos, the original single-species countries such as the Pegasi Empire slowly disintegrated, so various regions existed in the form of Harmonic freestates for quite a long time until the two princesses gained control.

The rise of Harmonic freestates again was after the Ultimate Battle. In the first year after the war, the Royal Council did not have time to restore contact with the whole country, and many cities lost contact with Canterlot, forming independent Harmonic freestates. For example, the early Ponyville led by Mayor Mare, and Manehattan before the gang wars.


=== '''Harmonic Corporatism''' ===

Corporatists believe that different classes can resolve their differences through representative negotiations, which coincides with the idea of Harmonists: there is nothing that cannot be calmly discussed. However, traditional corporatism usually resorts to authoritarianism or a leader to preside over negotiations between various interest groups, while Harmonists believe that such negotiations can occur spontaneously without any external coercion —— as long as all classes agree with the idea of Harmonism.

There have been a few political commentators who criticized Twilight Sparkle for taking a Harmonic corporatist stance in resolving many friendship issues, not being entangled in the beginning of the conflicts but only seeking the resolution of the conflicts. However, due to the success of Twilight Sparkle’s mediation in all cases, although violence may be used in the mediation process, the result does not involve forcing one party to make concessions. That’s why the criticism, by Harmonic corporatists’ perspective, is considered rather an affirmation of Twilight Sparkle’s behavior. Corporatists also often like to use Twilight’s behavior to endorse and defend themselves. Because of Twilight Sparkle’s 100% success rate, Harmonic corporatists have never tried to answer: what to do if the negotiation mechanism fails and a consensus cannot be reached?


=== '''Harmonism Apprentice''' ===

In the thousand-year history of Equestria, the thing that is least lacking is the conqueror villains who invaded Equestria and were defeated. Usually, they will establish evil empires in areas outside central Equestria and enslave the local residents for several years or even hundreds of years without being noticed by Princess Celestia or Twilight Sparkle. After that, for some reason, they always let their inflated ambitions blind their rational eyes, choose to invade Equestria, and then be defeated by the rainbow laser. At this time, how should the evil empire without the villain leader be handled? Most of the time, the active resistors among the local residents will be supported as the new leader, and the entire region will rebuild civilization and learn from the Equestria that liberated them, thus becoming Harmonism apprentices.

Countries that become Harmonism apprentices are often greatly influenced by Equestria in terms of culture, politics, economy, etc., and sometimes are mistakenly regarded as vassal states of Equestria. However, the only link between the suzerain state and the vassal state is the common belief in Harmonism, not political control, nor mass destruction weapons like the rainbow laser.


=== '''Authoritarian Harmonism''' ===

Although this has never happened in history, the Swanifying Committee had long ago formulated a plan for this situation. Several years before the return of Nightmare Moon, the first student of Princess Celestia, Sunset Shimmer, fleeing had caused a great blow to Princess Celestia. It is said that she did not appear in public for two or three weeks and did not handle government affairs. During this period, the Swanifying Committee once assumed the worst case: if Princess Celestia’s personality changed from a loving leader to a ruthless iron-fisted ruler, how should Equestria respond? This plan is considered the first hypothetical of an authoritarian Harmonism country: the leader is still a Harmonist, but her code of conduct is no longer constrained by Harmonism. Compared to promoting harmony through cultivating students, propagating ideas, and practicing it, this political system that relies more on the coercive power of the government is considered to be a variant of Harmonism rather than despotism. Based on this conclusion, the plan unanimously decided that the government would continue to support Princess Celestia’s rule until her behavior completely deviated from Harmonism.


=== '''Totalitarian Harmonism''' ===

Totalitarian Harmonism sounds like a political system that is unlikely to exist, but it is not difficult to imagine: here, the Harmonism leader will impose the harshest punishment on all enemies of harmony. “The end justifies the means” is the motto of this political system: as long as it is for the sake of harmony, any means can be used. Surveillance, censorship, arrest, execution, if all disharmonious forces disappear from society or at least cannot make a sound, then this society can only be harmonious forever. Of course, honest Harmonists may ponder the definition of “disharmonious forces”, but the leaders of this political system do not care about these.


=== '''Harmonism Utopia''' ===

Here, the practice of Harmonism has achieved unprecedented success, and all creatures live in a harmonious environment, happy and satisfied. Perhaps the food production or economic development here is not the best, but the residents here must be the happiest. Every citizen has friends who care about him/her, and at the same time, they all have a heart that loves other ponies.

This is where the magic happens, this is where the magic lives. Our friendships weave together stronger, the bonds grow deeper, lasting longer. And the greatest spell you'll know, is how the magic of friendship grows.


=== '''Harmonism Dystopia''' ===

Here, the practice of Harmonism has gotten out of control, and under the false appearance hides a terrifying reality. Even without any coercive machine forcing the residents, “do not become a disharmonious force” is ironed into the minds of every resident. Friendship is not without effort: here, every word and deed of all residents is like walking on thin ice. A casual curse may plunge you into an abyss of no return. A hypocritical praise may also expose you to the attack of the entire society. If your belief in harmony is not sincere, then your trembling disguise cannot escape the scrutiny of all residents.

Compared to those oppressive police states, there is no tyranny here, no surveillance, but it is more terrifying than tyranny, more suffocating than surveillance: every resident here is a watcher, and every resident here is a judge. Perhaps, lowering your own presence is the only creed to survive in this society: as long as you are not noticed, you will not be accused of disharmony. Every resident is trying to hide their existence, and privacy is the most precious luxury in this country. In fact, though there is no law here, it is already difficult to find any “legal” behavior. And even if you do nothing, it will be something that only a passive disharmonious force will do.


=== '''Harmonic Theocracy''' ===

On the stage of ideology, there are always ponies endlessly arguing about “what is Harmonism”, but Harmonic theists can give a very clear answer: Harmony is not an elusive value, but a physical force. The Tree of Harmony, the Treehouse of Harmony, and the Friendship Map are the agents of this deity, and Princess Twilight Sparkle and other princesses are the messengers of this deity. “The Tree of Harmony has its own will and can express itself through spoken language.” This argument kills all disputes: if everyone agrees that “friendship is magic”, then friendship that has been certified by magic is naturally the most standard harmony. If your friendship has not brought you magic, then you must have done something wrong.

But on the other hoof, it has been several years since the last time the Tree of Harmony transformed, that time into the image of Twilight Sparkle. No Harmonic theist can answer why the Tree of Harmony has remained silent for so long. Some dissenters believe that the deity of harmony is dead now and the world will no longer be protected; some extremists believe that Judgment Day is coming, and the deity of harmony will kill all of us in silence; more moderates believe that this is just a test, and the deity of harmony is testing our faith when it is tested the most. However, as the Windigos approach day by day, the pessimists among the Harmonic theists are increasing: perhaps the deity they believe in has already been defeated in the war of the deities.


=== '''Harmonic Rationalism''' ===

“Friendship is magic”, a very attractive and catchy slogan. But the rationalists in Harmonism often don’t buy it: it’s already bad enough that we don’t know what magic is, and we have to introduce the vague concept of “friendship”? Therefore, the Harmonic rationalists advocate solving the mystery of friendship thoroughly through scientific methods. First, what is the principle of magic? How does energy transfer? How does matter act? Then, how does friendship affect magic? Can it be between any creatures? Can rocks produce friendship magic? How good a relationship can be called “friendship”?...

Harmonic rationalists emphasize that controlled experiments are necessary, but their research always seems to encounter some “friendship phantoms”: whether conducting experimental observations seems to affect the generation of friendship, and the same event will produce different results in repeated experiments depending on whether it is observed. “friendship magic does not play dice”, some of them firmly believe this, but in fact, several years ago, Discord and Twilight Sparkle had already denied Harmonic rationalism. With the advancement of technology, these rationalists seem to have new research directions and they just want to try again.


=== '''Harmonism Exporter''' ===

Harmonism discourage conflict, but Harmonism cannot prevent conflict. In the spirit of “preventing conflict”, the militarists among the Harmonists believe that overthrowing some disharmonious regimes or controlling some disharmonious masses through small-scale wars to avoid larger conflicts, is a price worth paying. The most typical Harmonism exporter is the Knights of Harmony of Cunabula: they understood the idea of “friendship is magic, magic is power, so friendship is power” way earlier than Cozy Glow in Equestria, and in order to prevent the powerful force of Harmony from falling into the hands of dangerous users, the Knights of Harmony will monitor the users of Harmony magic and those disharmonious threats worldwide, and stop all behaviors that do not conform to their definition of Harmony. If they determine that some disharmonious behaviors have reached an intolerable level, they will immediately take action to eliminate these disharmonious forces or Harmonism deviants in the bud. As for why they have not taken action yet, we should not ask, because the ponies who have witnessed the Knights of Harmony’s crusade will know that it is a bless that they have not taken action yet.


=== '''Dogmatic Harmonism''' ===

“Friendship is magic”, this is what every pony will hear from birth, and it is the essence of Harmonism. However, there are many differences in the interpretation of this sentence, which has led to quite a few factions. Each of these factions looks very reasonable, and can be logically consistent, and as time goes by, more and more ponies claim to have a unique interpretation of Harmony. Princess Twilight Sparkle may try to make an official interpretation of Harmony, but even this can only represent her individual opinion.

Dogmatists believe that the definition of Harmony must be strictly recorded in writing and must be strictly adhered to. Diversity is a curse, and different, ambiguous interpretations will only lead to factional conflicts, chaos, and the fade of Harmony. So they choose to compile the concept of Harmony into a rigorous series of encyclopedias, establish the Harmony Standard Association, and interpret Harmony word by word to ensure that every pony has a unified understanding of Harmony. Today, the initial standards have been established under the management of the EEA led by Neighsay. However, as the power of Cozy Glow gradually consolidates, more ponies are just worried about the neutrality of the EEA and this standard: can the association truly be neutral? Of course, the association responded to this concern officially, but when they started to cite a passage from a page of an ancient book that is older than Celestia, you might not want to listen anymore.


=== '''Friendshipism''' ===

Friend, the most important concept in friendship, the most indispensable part. But Princess of Friendship and Princess of Love are not the same alicorn, so “friendship” and “love” are also two completely different concepts. Different from the intimate relationship expressed by “love”, “friendship” has boundaries: if you can reach out to help each other when needed, then you can be called friends. In this way of thinking, a unified political entity may not be necessary in a Harmonism country. Faced with crises and threats, members of an alliance can help each other; but in daily life, all friends are just independent countries, each maintaining their own Harmony.

Of course, whether this loose alliance can withstand the test is a very questionable question: a long time ago, the southern countries formed a Friendshipism alliance, but eventually disintegrated under the invasion of the Storm Empire. Now, the Storm Empire has been defeated, but whether the Friendshipism alliance has a chance to revive is still unknown. At least after the lessons of history, more countries still maintain distrust and vigilance.


=== '''Harmonic Spirit''' ===

This is a society composed of spirits. They do not need political structures, they only need to live together and maintain the concept of Harmony together. They have the most primitive cognition of Harmony, the purest and uncontaminated, closer to the essence of Harmony than the creatures in those primitive tribes. Many may even doubt whether they really exist, but at least, the reindeer are proof that such spirits exist: they live on the snowy mountains, never participate in any disputes, and even help creatures send gifts on Hearth’s Warming Eve. However, the physical existence of spirits is also a danger: as long as there is a physical entity, it can be killed. Therfore, some changelings may question, how long these spirits can remain “uncontaminated”.


=== '''Revengeful Harmonism''' ===

An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. This is almost a natural concept. For the revengeful Harmonists, their dignity has been ruthlessly trampled, their homes have become ruins, they crawled out of the corpses of the old era, claiming to rebuild what they believe to be the orthodox Harmonious thoughts. In troubled times, heavy codes must be enforced. Harmony is dead, and they will avenge it in their own way. Therefore, what the revengeful Harmonists do is often unrelated to the Harmonious advocacy — power is highly concentrated, rulers often act arbitrarily, and they use various means to strike against the opposition, even at the cost of cruel repression. They often maintain a huge army for conquest or self-defense, and a terrible war frenzy spreads throughout the country. All suffering is worth it, because in the end, they will pull those villains who caused the current situation down from their thrones, and let them burn to ashes together with the world that they once destroyed.

The demands of the revengeful Harmonists often make even the most radical militarists afraid, and their legends make every foal too scared to sleep at night. But for those poor creatures who have lost their loved ones, can you really blame them for this?


=== '''Ocellusism''' ===

After the Ultimate Battle, Ocellus, the changeling apprentice of Twilight Sparkle, continued to promote Harmonism in accordance with the will of her teacher. She refused to revert to an unmetamorphosed changeling and was thus imprisoned by Queen Chrysalis. In eastern Changelinia, she witnessed the hungry changelings who had to contribute their last bit of love under the oppression of the army. Ocellus noticed the strict hierarchy within the changelings and decided to fight for the rights of these poor changelings at the bottom of the hierarchy. She continued to write secretly in prison, further developing the thoughts of Twilight Sparkle, integrating them with her own observations, and eventually forming Ocellusism.

Ocellusism can be seen as a mixture of Harmonism and Equatism. Twilight Sparkle often uses a reconciliatory way to achieve a perfect society by temporarily relinquishing interests from all parties to ease conflicts. However, in Ocellus’s view, just as the unmetamorphosed changelings are always starving for love, class conflicts can never be truly alleviated, and ultimately one side must be eliminated or both sides will perish together. Therefore, Ocellus no longer hopes to correct those villains through friendship, but to overthrow the oppressors via violent means and eliminate class oppression by force. Only by eliminating these inequalities can the soil for the emergence of new villains be fundamentally eradicated, and true, permanent harmony can be truly achieved.


== '''Equatism''' ==

No matter how enlightened the environment we live in, we must admit that Equestria is born with inequality — some ponies can control magic, some ponies can fly, some ponies are incredibly strong, some ponies are born unlucky, and some ponies can’t even get their cutie marks... As for the inequality between different species, it is even more controversial and should be avoided in any occasion.

But we must also know that all of this is not a privilege or an excuse for discrimination — every pony, and every creature has the right to liberate themselves and develop equally! All the oppressed creatures in the world will unite one day and smash the chains of the old era!



'''Ideologies under Equatism Ethos:'''
* Socialism
* Democratic Socialism
* Monarcho-socialism
* State Capitalism
* Tribal Commune
* Socialism Commune
* Revolutionary Regime
* Liberated Zone
* Authoritarian Equatism
* Our-Townism
* Ideal Communism
* Red Terror
* Liberation Theology
* Ultravisionary
* War Socialism
* Extreme Egalitarianism
* Internationalism



=== '''Socialism''' ===

Socialism emphasizes the public ownership of the means of production, especially magic, and in practice usually relies on a one-party government to intervene in the economy, develop state-owned enterprises, implement planned economy, and collective production to ensure the fair distribution of resources. After the Ultimate Battle, as the climate gradually cooled and Tirek plundered Equestria’s magic, magic shortages began to appear in various regions, greatly affecting agricultural production and life. During this period, some magic egalitarian groups began to rise in various parts of Equestria, proposing that a central committee collect all ponies’ magic for unified distribution to ensure that every pony can obtain enough magic to sustain their lives, and the country can concentrate the remaining magic power to complete some large-scale important construction projects.

The early egalitarian groups and Equatism parties had very rough ideas, often accompanied by many unrealistic magic confiscation plans, so they did not receive widespread support. Learning from the lessons of failure, some Equatism parties began to emphasize one-party government and the public ownership of other resources that are easier to redistribute than magic, such as food and steel. These improved egalitarian measures are now classified as “socialism” and have gradually gained more popularity. With the arrival of Sunset Shimmer, publications and ideas from the human world, “socialism” is expected to further integrate and develop.


=== '''Democratic Socialism''' ===

Democratic Socialism is usually achieved by a party or organization that believes in Equatism gaining power through peaceful democratic means, and then achieving the goals of Equatism through legislation and administration.

Historically, the Alicorn princesses wielded immense magical and governing powers, ensuring stability and harmony across the land. However, as Equestrian society gradually industrialized with democratic ideas emerged, questions arose about the distribution of wealth, resources, and opportunities. Democratic Socialism advocates for a system where key industries are owned and regulated by the community for the collective good, while still preserving individual liberties. The focus shifted towards ensuring universal access to education, healthcare, and other essential services, regardless of one’s magical abilities or species. Indeed, this unprecedented system is a huge change for ponies, but even the concept of “democracy” itself is a big step compared to traditional monarchies, so what’s wrong with taking one more small step?


=== '''Monarcho-socialism''' ===

A country advocating equality while respecting a supreme monarch sounds like a self-contradiction, but any ideology must consider the existence of reality. After the Ultimate Battle, political parties in the Crystal Empire emerged like mushrooms after rain, many of which chose to embrace the Equatism ethos. The most cohesive party among the many Equatism parties was the Cadencism party, which believed that one day the Crystal Empire would restore the rule of Princess Cadence, and Princess Cadence would promote Equatism within the empire. Due to the Crystal Empire’s public’s fondness for the royal family, coupled with Equatism’s concern for the interests of ordinary Crystal ponies, the Cadencism party quickly gained considerable influence in the Crystal Empire.

Unfortunately, this was a time of high tension. With the coronation of Cozy Glow coming soon, police and bureaucrats in the Equestria Empire were on high alert for any possible destabilizing factors. The Cadencism party in the colonial Crystal Empire quickly became the next target on the list. After the Equestria Empire forced the Crystal Empire Council to pass legislation banning the Cadencism party, many Cadencists had to switch to other Equatism parties for self-preservation. Instead of promoting any specific monarch, now when promoting Equatism, they only express respect for the royal family in exchange for public support, which led to the rise of Monarcho-socialism. Today, many Equatism parties in the Crystal Empire have been integrated into the Red Crystal, while Monarcho-socialism remains the most influential faction in it. They suggest maintaining the constitutional monarchy in the Crystal Empire while replacing the existing Crystal Empire Council system with the Red Crystal single-party system and the existing Crystal Empire constitution with a socialism constitution, ultimately uniting the country under the name of the constitutional monarch to achieve the goals of Equatism.


=== '''State Capitalism''' ===

Although state capitalists claim that most of the policies they support are similar to those of Equatists, such as supporting state-owned enterprises, intervening in and regulating the economy, implementing social welfare policies to some extent, and even limited magic confiscation by the central government, most Equatism factions still refuse to recognize state capitalism as part of the Equatism ethos. Critics from Equatism believe that state capitalists only superficially support Equatism, but in reality, they are maintaining a new privileged class, which is composed of state capitalists themselves, who control the resources of the entire society through the power of the state. Here, the purpose of nationalization is no longer to serve the public equally, but only to serve the few oligarchs in the bureaucracy under the guise of equality. Although state capitalists do not comment on this evaluation, what confuses them the most is that depotists, liberals, and even some Harmonists will use “state capitalism” as a swear word to attack Equatism.


=== '''Tribal Commune''' ===

In tribes that believe in primitive Equatism, tribe members cooperate to complete planting, gathering, and hunting, and then distribute the food they obtain uniformly, prioritizing children, young adults, and expectant mothers in the tribe. Although they do not have magic research, do not know how to distribute magic equally; they do not have industrialization; they do not even have the concept of private property. This primitive tribal commune can be said to be the most primitive form of Equatism, and their way of life even has similarities with the ideal society of some Harmonists. However, how different are they from other places in Equestria? Most of Equestria has hardly changed in thousands of years, and their seemingly “primitive” way of life is just an inheritance of traditions that have lasted for thousands of years.


=== '''Socialism Commune''' ===

After the Ultimate Battle, as the climate gradually cooled and Tirek plundered Equestria’s magic, magic shortages began to appear in various regions, greatly affecting agricultural production and life. During this period, some magic egalitarian groups began to rise in various parts of Equestria, proposing that a central committee collect all ponies’ magic for unified distribution to ensure that every pony can obtain enough magic to sustain their lives, and the country can concentrate the remaining magic power to complete some large-scale important construction projects.

Most of these communes failed, either conquered or annexed by a country, or gradually declined due to lack of resources, or split due to internal conflicts. The main reason is that the early egalitarian groups and Equatism parties had very rough ideas, often accompanied by many unrealistic magic confiscation plans, so they did not receive widespread support. However, as years passed, Equestria is completing its industrialization, and more resource and opportunity distribution issues were put on the table. Perhaps, after improving the design concept of the socialism commune, this type of commune will have the opportunity to reappear in some part of Equestria.


=== '''Revolutionary Regime''' ===

A group of public who are dissatisfied with the monarch, or dissatisfied with the dictator, or dissatisfied with the foreign aggressor, or dissatisfied with the capitalist, have just united to overthrow the old regime and establish a new revolutionary regime. Where will they go next? Will they organize independent communes, or establish a brand new Equatism republic? Or will they take advantage of their victory to liberate more areas and eliminate more oppressors? Before them, they face countless choices, and their primary task is to ensure the stability of the new fragile regime. Establishing an Equatism revolutionary regime in Equestria itself is a huge challenge. Looking around, they will face the siege of various reactionary forces, and their internal may also disintegrate due to power struggles, or even just different ideas. But whether the flames eventually ignite or extinguish, in the cold wind, they will leave a warm memory in history.


=== '''Liberated Zone''' ===

With the help of an external Equatism regime, the oppressive regime here has just been destroyed, and the citizens here have gained freedom. Subsequently, the ideology of the liberators quickly poured in, and the liberated zone became an educational base for Equatism. The citizens here, whether voluntarily or forcibly, finally began to abandon the idea of finding a new monarch, leader, democratic parliament, or deity, and began to care about their compatriots. Some liberated zones exist in the form of communes, some directly become part of the liberator’s country, and some have not yet determined their future path. But like a pony who has just awakened from Princess Luna’s beautiful dream, give them five more minutes of wake-up confusion, and the day of awakening will come.


=== '''Authoritarian Equatism''' ===

Authoritarian Equatists are keen to criticize their socialism colleagues for being too gentle, and perhaps they are right: none of the countless socialism or mild Equatism regimes in Equestria have succeeded. Throughout Equestria’s history, all we see are monarchs, villains, ambitious ponies, dictators, and the silent masses. Authoritarian Equatists believe that only through coercion can equality be achieved. Some of them choose to resort to a central figure, and some choose a one-party dictatorship government or a committee dictatorship, but their goals are the same: to silence the reactionaries. Under the guidance of Authoritarian Equatism, the country will be able to build an Equatist utopia undisturbed, from nationalization, to planned economy, to completely controllable collective production; from compulsory property redistribution, to compulsory magic confiscation, to complete elimination of privatization; from Equatism ideological education, to Equatism labor reform camp, to conscious Equatism learning; from social education, to social medical care, to social security. All this country needs is time.


=== '''Our-Townism''' ===

For the supporters of totalitarian Equatism, their biggest difficulty is trying to explain why Starlight Glimmer, who first proposed totalitarian Equatism, no longer believes in this idea. They believe that M6’s brainwashing has changed Starlight Glimmer, making her no longer believe in her once correct ideals. We are not sure whether these totalitarian Equatists know that Starlight Glimmer secretly retained her cutie mark during her rule of Our Town, becoming the only privileged class in the town. In any case, these totalitarian Equatists will no longer pay excessive attention to Starlight Glimmer. Their goal is to continue to promote Equatism, with a more powerful leader at the helm, based on stricter laws, more severe punishments and more rigorous surveillance. There may be a few of them are usurpers who use the banner of equality, but more of them sincerely believe that they will become wise Equatist leaders, or have already supported a wise Equatist leader. “Equality cannot be achieved without dominant coercion.” — this is the core belief of Our-Townists.


=== '''Ideal Communism''' ===

Here, the practice of Equatism has achieved unprecedented success, and they have realized the scene they envisioned: a society without a state, without classes, without private property. Here, material is abundant, magic is abundant, friendship is shared, and ponies take what they need and do what they can. The greatly developed productive forces guarantee the living standards of every pony, while the idea of Equatism guarantees the dignity of every pony. Not only that, they focus on the international: the vision of an ideal communism society is gradually becoming a reality, and their propaganda attracts Equatists from all over the world and those creatures who are still hungry and oppressed. Their goal is to expand this ideal communism society to the entire world.


=== '''Red Terror''' ===

Here, the practice of Equatism has gotten out of control, and under the false appearance hides a terrifying reality. Attention to the reactionaries has changed the focus on the construction of the state itself, the pursuit of enemies has changed the protection of citizens, and the suppression of dissenters has changed the propaganda of Equatism. Every day, countless “Traitors of Equatism” are sent to the interrogation room, sent to labor camps, sent to the guillotine, or become the ingredients of the “National Magic Repository”. Some idealists among the Equatists seem to notice that something is wrong with this country, but either dare not speak out, or have been unable to speak out in the “National Magic Repository”. As for those Equatists who founded this country, it is even unknown whether they are still managing this country. Life is in no way getting better day by day, but at least, as promised at the very beginning, it is getting more and more equal day by day. Death is the most equal, from top to bottom, no one can escape the judgment of Equatism.


=== '''Liberation Theology''' ===

Although some radical Harmonic theists regard Liberation Theology as a heresy that distorts the will of Harmony, most Harmonists are still willing to accept these Equatists among the believers. Liberation Theology believes that the Harmonism advocated by the Tree of Harmony, the Treehouse of Harmony, and the Friendship Map already contains the idea of equality: the power of the Elements of Harmony will eliminate the villains who try to become a privileged class, the Treehouse of Harmony advocates cross-racial friendship with equality, and the Friendship Map sends Equestria’s envoys to destroy the dictators in various regions, as well as capitalist groups similar to the ones in Las Pegasus. Therefore, “if the deity of Harmony exists, then it must be an Equatist” — this is the core belief of Liberation Theology.


=== '''Ultravisionary''' ===

Many liberals criticize Equatism as an inefficient social production model: magic should not be concentrated and distributed fairly, but should belong to those with the best talents; similarly, wealth should belong to those who are most capable of making money, which means a free market selection. But at least, those liberls can not use the same argument to criticize Ultravisionary: in the ideal country of Ultravisionary, the entire country is united and resources are concentrated on the development of science and magic technology. They will make greater progress than any individual who claims to have talent, and their progress will not only benefit those talented individuals, but also benefit every citizen of the entire country.

However, even though liberls are less likely to criticize Ultravisionary from an efficiency perspective, Ultravisionary receives a lot criticism from other factions within the Equatism ethos: they believe that Ultravisionary place too much emphasis on the development of technology and magic, and neglect the core idea of equality. In their view, the ideal country of Ultravisionary is a cold machine, not a warm home. By the way, in practice, who can point out the direction of the country’s resource tilt? Celestia ruled for a thousand years, betting all of Equestria’s stability on friendship, and ultimately failed. Why should an ordinary Ultravisionary leader be able to predict the future of the most promising scientific technology and magic then? Even Twilight Sparkle, who was good at both ruling and researching, would find it difficult to qualify as an Ultravisionary leader.


=== '''War Socialism''' ===

Socialism takes into account the interests of all citizens, but during wartime, all citizens have to make small sacrifices to ensure the stability of the regime and the security of the country. Even the most moderate socialism regime has to adopt some relatively tough policies during wartime, such as magic confiscation, resource requisition, compulsory military service, military takeover of the regime, planned production, news censorship, reporting system, and so on. These policies may be abolished after the war ends, but sometimes no one can predict the outcome of the war, and these policies may unfortunately become permanent.


=== '''Extreme Egalitarianism''' ===

Extreme Egalitarianism refuses to recognize the legitimacy of other Equatism factions: if not all creatures have exactly the same rights, exactly the same resources, exactly the same magic, exactly the same wealth, exactly the same opportunities, exactly the same education, how can it be called “equality”? Extreme Egalitarianists use an extreme way to always tilt social resources to the most disadvantaged groups in society until all ponies have exactly the same everything. They believe that only in this way can society truly achieve equality, and only in this way can society truly achieve harmony. However, so far, no egalitarian policy has achieved its ideal goal. More importantly, what about other countries? Should foreign citizens also maintain the same average level as the citizens here?


=== '''Internationalism''' ===

Internationalists not only care about implementing Equatism policies within their own country or species, but they also believe that they have the task of liberating the entire Equestria world: ponies, changelings, griffons, etc., all the workers from the bottom of their society should unite and eliminate the villains, dictators, capitalists, and monsters together. However, beautiful ideals always suffer in reality: how to persuade the residents of their own country to care about the residents of other countries when their own survival and happiness are still in danger? How to persuade the residents of other countries to take action to overthrow their oppressors? How to persuade the leaders of other countries to accept their Equatism policies? Internationalists have been looking for answers, but so far, they have not found an answer that all countries can accept.


== '''Nationalism''' ==

The concept of the nation has never been so important in the history of Equestria; while the issue of species has been around for a long time in Equestria. As the world situation spirals into chaos, uniting under a shared concept of a nation or a species, some ponies or creatures can often erupt with unprecedented power.

However, most of the time this power is not used for constructive affairs, leading to the birth of many extreme ideologies and systems. Maintaining harmony is difficult, while falling into darkness is extremely easy: once nationalism is born, the raging fire it brings will not stop, and once you taste the sweetness of one marshmallow, you can’t resist tasting the second one.



'''Ideologies under Nationalism Ethos:'''
* Nationalism
* Ochlocracy
* Imperialism
* Military Junta
* Clan Tribe
* Xenophobe City-state
* Authoritarian Corporatism
* Governorate
* Chrysalism
* Changelingiaism
* Perfect War Machine
* Leviathan
* Cult Theocracy
* Purificationism
* Militarism
* Militant Isolationism
* Axis Group



=== '''Nationalism''' ===

What is Equestria? Some believe it represents the entire world, some believe it refers to a continent from Sire’s Hollow in the west to Manehattan in the east, and from a national perspective, the territory ruled by the two sisters’ Equestria Kingdom is usually considered the most rigorous Equestria range. However, after the fall of the Equestria Kingdom, this concept has been challenged: Cozy Glow claims that her Equestria Empire has the legitimate inheritance of the entire Equestria, but her claim is obviously questioned. Defining Equestria has become a problem.

Nationalists point out that all the areas where ponies live are part of Equestria. Even if ponies have disputes over who is the legitimate Equestria, this should not affect the ponies’ national identity: all ponies are part of Equestria, they should all unite and work together to defend the interests of Equestria, which should be above all. Similarly, changelings have also tried to use nationalism to explain the concept of Changelinia, but as the Chrysalis restored a unified Changeling Empire, these nationalists who were suddenly considered “moderate” gradually withdrew from the changeling political stage.


=== '''Ochlocracy''' ===

Even during Pax-Celestia, ponies often quarreled because of their opinions, and sometimes even forced the Harmonist leader Celestia to make concessions. In turbulent times, ochlocracy is often more rampant, to the point of completely alienating a former democratic country. An Ochlocratic system often reach unanimous “democratic” decisions on topics like starting a foreign war or building a temporary (often not) central regime to cope with external threats. Along with the rise of the Ochlocratic regime, the country will often see a rise in nationalism, militarism, racism, and xenophobia. Eventually, under the leadership of a strong figure, it will move towards an extreme ideologies. But sometimes, such a strong leader never appears, because they sometimes become the victims of the Ochlocratic regime and are devoured by it even before they were able to seize power.


=== '''Imperialism''' ===

Traditonal imperialism in Equestria always tie to a imperium and an emperor/empress, but as time goes on, the concept of imperialism has been changed. In the modern Equestria, imperialism is more about the expansion of the country’s territory and the control of other countries under the name of the imperium, without necssarily having a monarch. The imperialist country will use various means to expand its territory, including military conquest, economic control, and cultural influence. The rulers of these countries are often nobles or business tycoons, the ordinary residents of the country will benefit from the expansion of the empire but not much, while the foreign residents will be seen as tools or even slaves.

However, at the same time the special feature of the Equestrian regime is that an empire often relies heavily on the autocratic leader: his/her leadership and magical power often determine the rise and fall of the empire, which in turn means that even modern Equestrian imperialist countries cannot escape the tradition of imperialism. For example, the Storm Empire under the rule of the Storm King is a typical imperialist country, but after the fall of the Storm King, the empire quickly declined. Grubber and some Storm creatures tried to maintain the rule of the empirem but even though they still controlled advanced giant airships and cannons, they no longer had the ability to order the various colonies to bow down.


=== '''Military Junta''' ===

Running military without centralized power by the supreme commander is a very dangerous act: if there are multiple supreme commanders in the military who are not subordinate to each other, then a civil war is likely to break out. Unless —— in the military forming a myriad of warlord factions at the same time, an effective negotiation mechanism is miraculously established. Here, a warlord group controls the country, there may be differences or even small-scale frictions among them, but a common interest hanging over the country binds it together, preventing it from falling into civil war. This common interest is an external war: as long as all forces can still get a share of the spoils in the plunder, they will not easily give up this country.

In the history of Equestria, the system of military junta is not common, but in some turbulent times, this system has also appeared in some remote areas of Equestria. At the last moment of the Storm Empire, Grubber and many of the Storm King’s deputies, as well as the former deputy Strife, briefly experienced this system. But as deputies, they were born with weak characters and therefore failed to win anything from external war, eventually leading to the collapse of the Storm Empire. A more stable example is perhaps the changeling country before Queen Chrysalis ever took power, but because this is too ancient, there is no very clear record.


=== '''Clan Tribe''' ===

Unlike normal chiefdom tribes, clan tribes have a stronger focus on bloodlines. Therefore, the leaders of clan tribes are often elders of the family, rather than chiefs elected by the tribe. More importantly, clan tribes have a paranoid fanaticism for the purity of the tribe’s bloodline. They refuse to intermarry, cohabit, or ally with outsiders, and will severely strike against forces that try to intervene in their tribes. United under the leadership of the purest bloodline, clan tribes do not mind conquering and enslaving other tribes, and sometimes even plundering neighboring civilized countries or city-states. In the history of Equestria, there have been clan tribes, but with the progress of the times, most of them have entered the ranks of city-states, republics, and even empires. However, in some uncivilized remote areas, clan tribes still exist.


=== '''Xenophobe City-state''' ===

The affairs of the city-state must be handled exclusively by citizens of the citysate. Outsiders and non-citizens are not allowed to interfere in the affairs of the city-state. If necessary, the city-state should also actively eliminate “potential external threats”. Xenophobe city-states are not uncommon in the history of Equestria. Long before the Three Tribes Covenant, the pegasi, yet to develop into the Pegasi Empire, established a xenophobe city-state in ancient Cloudsdale. As the city-state expanded into a republic, they still maintained severe discrimination against the earth ponies and unicorns, until the Windigo destroyed the Pegasi Empire.

Although today, more and more ponies have realized the importance of harmony among the three tribes, more discrimination and xenophobia still occur in various regions: this is due to the inaction of the Equestria Empire on racial issues, and also due to the conflicts between creatures around the world: changelings, griffons, yaks, dragons and other creatures are not within the traditional framework of the Three Tribes Covenant, which means that xenophobia still has the possibility of resurgence.


=== '''Authoritarian Corporatism''' ===

Corporatists believe that different classes can resolve their differences through representative negotiations and together contribute to the great country and nation. If they cannot reach an agreement decently, then we will help them to get decency. Authoritarian corporatists do not mind using violence to control various classes, forcing them to make concessions, reach consensus, and maintain the interests of the country. Similarly, they do not mind using violence against the enemies of the country. In practice, authoritarian corporatism is often mixed with racism: only the class that is able to sit at the negotiating table has the rights, while the foreign species have no possibility of participating in such national-level negotiations.


=== '''Governorate''' ===

Governorate, usually also known as puppet state, vassal state, satellite state, or even colony, is the most direct political system of a conquered country. In this area, the suzerain empire will control all aspects of politics, economy, culture, etc., and the nominal leader of the region is often appointed by the empire or tightly controlled by the empire. More importantly, the economy and agriculture of this region will be gradually emptied to meet the needs of the suzerain empire, and eventually become a missile base, military factory, or a huge barracks, used to support the suzerain empire’s foreign wars. On the one hoof, the major affairs of the governorate are almost entirely decided by the empire; on the other hoof, the bureaucratic body of the governorate is often the local species residents, to reduce the resistance of the locals.

The most typical governorate countries almost always appear in the conquered areas of the Changeling Empire in history. In contrast, other species often only establish a normal suzerain system or a tribute system after winning the war.


=== '''Chrysalism''' ===

The reign of Queen Chrysalis is an undeniable part of the history of the changelings. Her rule is a typical authoritarianism, but different from ordinary authoritarianism: Queen Chrysalis emphasizes the concept of changeling racism. “Changelings Master Race!” Whether during her reign or in exile, her ideology has never changed. Rather than the glory and wealth of leader herself, Queen Chrysalis seems to genuinely believe that her subjects should all become slave masters, with her forever as their leader.

Many Chrysalists, or authoritarian racists, authoritarian nationalists, admire Queen Chrysalis for her charm and style of rule, but many outsiders do not believe that changelings should be the subject of her slogan. Some cheap imitators may also try to propose slogans such as “Ponies are the only superior race!” or “Pegasi are the greatest!” but these slogans often only enrage the orthodox Chrysalists.


=== '''Changelingiaism''' ===

For some changelings, even the authoritarian nationalist policies adopted by Queen Chrysalis are too weak: in their eyes the citizens should not be the purpose of the state, but should only be a tool. For the Changelingiaists, the only thing that is higher than everything is the great concept of “Changelinia” itself, which includes neither the land nor the subjects on this land. A pure Changelinia spiritual world cannot tolerate the pollution of material carriers, and all the subjects of the material world should give up everything to pursue the perfection of the great “Changelinia”. For example, the ultimate dream of Queen Chrysalis is to make all changelings become superior citizens and enjoy endless love. But the Changelingiaists believe that this goal is too low-level and insignificant: hunger may affect the support rate of Queen Chrysalis, but for the Changelingiaists, this is just a small problem. The changeling race will become stronger, purer, and closer to the ideal of “Changelinia” under the natural selection of hunger.

It must be said that most of the changelings cannot understand the concept of the Changelingiaism. They think this concept is evil, even crazy. However, the Changelingiaists do not care about these evaluations, they do not even care about their own thoughts, they will only continue to pursue their ideals until the last moment.


=== '''Perfect War Machine''' ===

The residents here not only cannot hold dissenting opinions against the country, but more importantly, they do not want to. Completely united under the banner of the country and the nation, every citizen spontaneously dedicates everything to the foreign war. Regardless of whether the war is going well or not, they only know that their country is the greatest, their leader is the greatest, and their nation is the greatest. If you try to wake up some of them by accusing this great country of violating individual rights and freedoms, they will only treat you as a madpony.

The war will never end, their lives have no contradictions, no pain, no questions, only war, only the pursuit of victory as greedy as a fruit bat for an apple.


=== '''Leviathan''' ===

A lingering haze always shrouds this country: why are we fighting for? No one can remember the reasons for the start of the war, no one can remember the decision makers of the past. Even the current leader has no power to stop this war: no citizen dares to raise even a little doubt about the war that is currently being waged, whether it is a commoner or a marshal. The country is like a huge monster, devouring everything, destroying everything, but no pony knows where this monster is going. All citizens are destined to have only one life goal, to serve the war from the day they were born. The war will never end, their lives have no escape, no endpoint, no meaning, only war, only the pursuit of victory as greedy as a fruit bat for an apple.


=== '''Cult Theocracy''' ===

Why would some creature choose to worship a devil? This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible. This is because the power of the devil is irresistible.


=== '''Purificationism''' ===

In the construction and expansion of the national state, racism is often criticized for its violation of the idea of harmony and its cruel behavior. However, when racists gain legitimacy for “purification” through advanced scientific and technological means, they no longer have any scruples. After “rigorous” scientific research, the advantages and disadvantages of various species in Equestria are determined in black and white by experimental data. When biologists tell you that your neighbor is lower than you on the evolutionary tree, when sociologists tell you that eliminating your colleagues can promote social harmony and stability, when epidemiologists tell you that your elderly parents are the source of certain infectious diseases, when some great socerers accuse the disappearance of friendship magic is due to those alien species, most residents will no longer make a sound. Until one day, they found themselves being assessed as “genetic defects to be cleansed” by authoritative medical journals just because their cutie marks contained certain specific elements or their horn length could be divided by an evil number.


=== '''Militarism''' ===

Sometimes they come from a long-oppressed and invaded species that over-defends, sometimes they come from an arrogant species that is indifferent to other countries, sometimes they come from a political inertia left by a strong military leader, sometimes they come from the desperate middle class controlled by international debt, sometimes they come from a long-standing martial culture, sometimes they come from the out-of-control emotions in a democratic society, sometimes they come from a military coup orchestrated by minority usurpers. In any case, militarists believe that war can benefit a country and improve their quality of life. Sometimes they will suffer from the condemnation of conscience, sometimes they will try to justify the behavior of their country, and more often they will just celebrate in the tavern after hearing the news of the victory of the war, using alcohol to numb everything. There may be children or parents in their families who have joined the army, and there may be propaganda against the enemy country everywhere in their lives. They only know that the army controls this country. It is their pride, and is also their shackle.


=== '''Militant Isolationism''' ===

A militarily isolationist country often comes from the bitter victor of a fierce war. They fear the next war, but they also fear peace at the same time - peace will make them weak. Following the teachings of their ancestors, they choose to arm themselves to the teeth, independent of the world, and be vigilant about everything around them, to prevent the arrival of the next war. Usually, they will also delineate their sphere of influence outside their own territory. If other forces try to touch their protected area, they will soon feel the power of this seemingly peaceful country.

In history, the Griffon Kingdom won the Arimaspi War at a great cost of losing their Idol of Boreas. The once great and powerful kingdom fell into a long period of declination and adopted a policy of militant isolationism until the Idol was found by M6. With the Ultimate Battle, the griffons tasted once again the bitterness of war, but this time, they no longer have the ability to restore militant isolationism, perhaps. Will they regret it?


=== '''Axis Group''' ===

Many ponies find it hard to understand why nationalists have a sense of mutual sympathy: obviously the great “nation” or “species”  in their ideologies are completely different, earth ponies, pegasi, unicorns, alicorns, changelings, griffons, dragons, kirins, storm beasts... How can the right-wing forces of these species become friends? However, in a few cases, we will indeed see this happen: when they have a common enemy, or when the bully group finds a common victim.

For example, the dragons and yaks, two completely unrelated and warlike species, still maintain traditional friendship, even though they have had many wars in the past. Although the aggressiveness of the dragons and yaks has greatly weakened today, in the past, the Axis Group they formed did cause a lot of trouble for Equestria.


== '''Pacifism''' ==

War is a terrible thing for the creatures of Equestria.

So whether you are a Harmonism supporter, or a radical Equatist; whether you want to be an ursurper to control the world, or lead a revolution to return power to the public; whether you want to seize benefits through war, or just watch the world burn - we advise you to think twice.

''War, war never changes.''



'''Ideologies under Pacifism Ethos:'''
* Neutralism
* Xenophile
* Deterrentism
* Financial Neutralism
* Pacifism Tribe
* Pacifism Commune
* Demilitarized Zone
* Pacifism Papal State
* Creative Pacifism
* Active Pacifism
* Absolute Pacifism
* Joint Deterrentism
* Peaceful Spirit



=== '''Neutralism''' ===

“I miss the part where that’s my problem.” Neutralists believe that if every pony just minds their own business, the world will naturally achieve peace. Not only from an individual perspective, but also from a national perspective, they resolutely refuse to be involved in any war. Unfortunately, this attitude often makes them the victims of war. Neutralists are not afraid of war, and when faced with a necessary war, they will bravely stand up. However, when they try to ask “Who’s with me?” they will find that the surrounding countries are more willing to reply: “I miss the part where that’s my problem.”


=== '''Xenophile''' ===

A xenophile country often has a curiosity and friendly attitude towards foreign cultures, political systems, and even foreign species, so that their voters will actively vote to support foreign aid and closer cooperation with foreign countries. Maybe they rely on tourism to earn foreign exchange, maybe they rely on foreign technical support to develop their economy, maybe they just like foreign food. In any case, the public of a xenophile country are always happy to accept foreign cultures and settlers, and this attitude makes it easier for them to obtain support from other countries in diplomacy. However, when two foreign countries are in conflict, and this xenophile country happens to be an ally of both sides at the same time, they often find themselves in a rather awkward situation.


=== '''Deterrentism''' ===

Some interesting pacifist countries will choose a powerful war leader to rule them, just like the gentle Celestia can use the powerful power of the Harmony Element, or turn into the terrifying Sun of Destruction. Deterrentists believe that if you have enough power, you can avoid war. They never initiate wars, but they are always ready for war. This is like a game of the brave: the side that hates war the most must show the greatest determination to prepare for war, only in this way can ensure the long-term peace.


=== '''Financial Neutralism''' ===

Become the World Bank, let all countries in the world become bodyguards, let the world economy become a hostage, this is the way to achieve neutralism through financial status. More interestingly, financial neutralism not only brings peace, but also prosperity. They will obtain deposits from those warring countries, and obtain high custody fees from the deposits. However, when the financial neutralism country loses its financial center status, or when they are close to a war country that intends to break the pot, they often find themselves in a rather awkward situation. In addition, the biggest threat to these gold-filled treasuries is not pirates or looters, but inflation, financial crises, and the rise of new financial instruments such as development bonds, magic credits, and rare crystal mines.


=== '''Pacifism Tribe''' ===

Most tribes have a tradition of war and martial arts, but pacifist tribes are not. Many such tribes have ancestors from Three Tribes Covenant period, they may have been separated from the pegasi, earth ponies, and unicorns, or they may not be ponies at all. In the cold isolation without help, most of the warlike tribes around them have perished, but they miraculously survived, and fortunately (or unfortunately) kept away from civilization until now. Members of pacifist tribes usually remain vigilant against outsiders, but they do not initiate attacks. If conflicts are inevitable, they would rather move the entire tribe away. This extreme desire for peace does not come from kindness or weakness, but from the fear of the wind magic engraved in their bones.


=== '''Pacifism Commune''' ===

Kirins are one of the few pacifist communes that have developed into modern countries. Most pacifist communes will gradually abandon the pacifism ideology during the process of civilization development, or abandon the commune form to become a neutralism or xenophile country. But Kirins have their own special features — they cannot wage war, or at least not large ones. Because war brings anger, anger brings Niriks, Niriks bring destruction, and then everything will turn into ashes in the flames. Therefore, the pacifism ideology of Kirins is a curse that they are forced to accept and cannot escape, affecting all aspects of their social structure design and foreign policy. Meanwhile this curse is also a blessing, keeping them to be safe and sound for thousands of years, whether the external world is chaotic or stable, whether the Kirins are chaotic or stable, it is just a dream by the fire for them.


=== '''Demilitarized Zone''' ===

After being controlled, the suzerain chooses to turn this place into a permanent demilitarized zone: maybe because the suzerain itself believes in the pacifism ideology, or more likely because the suzerain wants to completely destroy the probability of this area rising again and seeking revenge. Some countries even choose to actively abandon military power and rely on a strong country to ensure their own safety. In any case, the residents of this area will enjoy the benefits of pacifism under the control of the suzerain, but they will also lose some freedom, and will always be begging their suzerain to protect them.


=== '''Pacifism Papal State''' ===

What if a country does not participate in any political or economic activities, but simply focuses on being a huge church? No one will actively attack a church that has no wealth, no industry, no labor, but only a large number of fanatical believers. Of course, the Papal State will not fail to establish enemies: usually they will work hard to spread their religion, after all, more believers mean more protection and more offerings. In this process, pagans and atheistic countries are often offended.


=== '''Creative Pacifism''' ===

A country is sometimes invaded because of hatred or culture, but more often because of resources, wealth, industry, and geographical location. And if the only wealth of a country is the brain in this country, then this country will become extremely valuable. Creative pacifists believe that as long as their technology is leading and continues to output technological innovations and cultural creativity that can improve everything to the world, they can avoid war. They never worry about the conditions of being militarily attacked, they only eliminate the motivation of the military attack.


=== '''Active Pacifism''' ===

“As long as all the risks of war disappear from this world, peace can be achieved.” The name of active pacifists is deceptive: not only deceiving their enemy countries, but also themselves. They will actively initiate wars, but they firmly believe that everything they do is for peace. It is the usual strategy of active pacifists to de-escalate the situation through escalating the situation, while the countries defeated by a pacifist country are often ruthlessly ridiculed. The only thing that can live up to their name is that after the active pacifists win the war, they will hardly exploit the resources of the defeated countries, but will help them recover as soon as possible. They will provide aid on everything, except the military.


=== '''Absolute Pacifism''' ===

Absolute pacifists oppose any form of war. “When another pony kicks you in the face for no reason, an absolute pacifist will turn the other cheek.” They would rather give up their territory or even their lives than pick up weapons. Their pacifism ideology is their faith, their life, their everything. But they are not miserable victims, but the lucky ones in this world: the luckiest thing for them is that they are still alive.


=== '''Joint Deterrentism''' ===

The basis for avoiding war is the deterrence of war. Joint Deterrentists believe that when multiple pacifism countries form alliances, their huge size is enough to help them avoid war. But the enemies of the deterrentists are never the aggressors, but the weak in the peace alliance. Those xenophiles and absolute pacifists will choose to evade when a real war comes, which will weaken the deterrence of the entire alliance. This is like a game of the brave: the side that hates war the most must show the greatest determination to prepare for war, only in this way can ensure the long-term peace. And the game of multiple braves is the most difficult-to-play variant in this game.


=== '''Peaceful Spirit''' ===

This is a society composed of spirits. They do not need political structures, they only need to live together and maintain the concept of peace together. They have the most primitive cognition of peace, the purest and uncontaminated, closer to the essence of peace than the creatures in those primitive tribes.


== '''Commercialism''' ==

''“Have you ever thought of anything other than money?”''

''“No, why?”''



'''Ideologies under Commercialism Ethos:'''
* Megacorp
* Merchantilism
* Commercial Imperium
* Commercial Oligarchy
* Mafia State
* Family Corp
* Consumerism
* Economic Zone
* Brave New World
* Cyberpunk
* Theocratic Corp
* High-tech Corp
* Military Corp
* Bankrupt State
* Federal Corp



=== '''Megacorp''' ===

In megacorp society, efficiency is paramount. A huge business group has integrated all aspects of this country, including the government, into their business. However, while profit is the primary consideration of the megacorp, it is not their only consideration: benefiting all employees and all customer is their slogan, allowing every employee to enjoy the benefits of the company’s stock price rise is their best way to stimulate employee enthusiasm. Good with low prices and high quality, not only benefit the residents of the country, but also benefit the residents of other countries. Admittedly, with the monopoly of the megacorp, market competition has decreased and the gap between rich and poor has increased, but the megacorp promises that these will be well-controlled. At least for now, they have been kepting their promises, at least barely.


=== '''Merchantilism''' ===

This country has almost become a huge exporter, almost every citizen in the country is engaged in foreign trade and high-end manufacturing, and agriculture and low-end industry have been compressed to a minimum. Trade surplus is the lifeline of this country, and the government does almost nothing except guaranteeing the lives of residents and free markets: they are not interested in international relations, climate change, ideology and other issues, and so are every citizen. Countless small and medium-sized enterprises are thriving in this country, and the status quo of the huge gap between rich and poor is diluted by the desire for the future, and the confidence of the citizens in the future is the greatest wealth of this country. As for the issue of war and turbulent international situation... they will only choose to turn the thousands of small and medium-sized enterprises into thousands of arms dealers.


=== '''Commercial Imperium''' ===

As the size of the company continues to expand, the top of the company is no longer satisfied with success within the country. In order to open up a larger international market, they choose to use the political and military power of their own country to knock on the doors of those ignorant countries. Soon, there are only two identities left in this country: company employees and non-company employees. Company employees enjoy unparalleled benefits, reasonable working hours and wages, and even dividends from the company’s stock; while non-company employees, including the lower class, aliens, and those colonies, can only face the high prices of monopolized goods in the market under the oppression of the company. The gap between rich and poor within the company is narrowing - because the poor do not belong to the company.


=== '''Commercial Oligarchy''' ===

If the megacorp claims to benefit both employees and customers, consumerism benefits customers, and the commercial imperium benefits employees, then the commercial oligarchy does not benefit any of them: here, all profits will eventually flow to the top of the company. Except for a few executives, the employees, producers, and consumers of the entire country are struggling in extreme poverty. If there is any market competition, or the intervention of external regimes, this business model that produces inferior but expensive goods while squeezing employees will quickly collapse. However, the maintainers of this system will not let this happen: they will use all means to maintain this unfair order, including the suppression and elimination of dissidents.


=== '''Mafia State''' ===

All the ways to obtain profits through legal operations seem to have been fully explored, and to obtain higher profits, you can only choose to take more risks. Controlled goods, black market arms, addictive drugs, and even slave trade, the higher the risk, the higher the profit. For these excess profits, operators will have to evade the police, bribe officials, and engage in unlimited competition with their peers. But some companies seem to have found a special way to surpass all this: they have infiltrated this country, the army, the police, the government, the courts, and even the head of state are all under their control, or the leaders of the company themselves. Finally, they have obtained a zero-risk, high-profit business model, but this model is a disaster for the other residents of this country, and even for its neighboring countries.


=== '''Family Corp''' ===

In the Equestria world, family and friendship are important connections, which are often more effective than laws and institutions. The influence of the Apple family and the Pie family has spread throughout the Equestria world, and more families such as the Pear family, the Cherry family, and the Rich family are trying to catch up with them. In contrast to commercial achievements and fame, the most successful place of the Pie family is to elevate the family business to the national level: they have obtained the highest decision-making power of the Rock Farm Autonomous Region, and the residents of the entire Rock Farm rely on the protection of the Pie family and make a living from working for the Pie family. Fortunately, the Pie family is willing to accept refugees and share the family wealth with poor ponies, and their family business is the most positive representative of Equestria family businesses. However, it is not possible to rely solely on the charity of all family businesses, as most of them will not be like the Pie family.


=== '''Consumerism''' ===

Comparing to the usual commercial countries that hope to accumulate as much wealth as possible, a consumerism country hopes to have no wealth accumulation at all: their goal is to empty the last coin from the pockets of the citizens and the national treasury, and keep everything in circulation. A variety of goods are invented and sold at the most appropriate prices. So, what is the price? Debt. Employees are exploited to the extreme, to the extent that their wages are not enough to sustain their lives, but at the same time they cannot stop consuming, and almost all citizens are burdened with huge debts. The economic system of this consumerism country is so fragile that any slight economic turmoil will lead to the collapse of the entire country. However, close your eyes, continue to dance, as long as the music is still playing, everything is still beautiful. When the balloon explodes and the party ends, seize the last chance to drink a few cups of cider, and then forget everything in cigars and fireworks.


=== '''Economic Zone''' ===

Here, efficiency and economy are still the top priority, but only for this region. As an economic zone, the local economic development must contribute to their suzerain country. Companies here enjoy the protection and trade encouragement policies of the suzerain country, and in exchange, they have to transfer a large part of the profits for transfer payments, or often lose large orders due to the intervention of the suzerain country.


=== '''Brave New World''' ===

Here, the practice of commercialism has achieved unprecedented success, as the company’s new generation of products - “Miracle Curative Tonic” is launched, the residents of this country finally find their true happiness. Taking the “Miracle Curative Tonic”, forget all worries and pains, eliminate hunger and fatigue, and focus on producing more products for the company, more “Miracle Curative Tonic”s. In this way, employees can get higher wages, have more savings, and buy more “Miracle Curative Tonic”s. Admittedly, this tonic is addictive, but it is absolutely harmless, and the price is so low that even the poorest employees can afford to enjoy it every day. The residents of this country are all enjoying this brave new world, and their sense of happiness is always at its highest. The company has achieved a miracle that has never been done in Equestria history: all citizens are enjoying eternal happiness at all times.


=== '''Cyberpunk''' ===

Here, the practice of democracy has gotten out of control, and under the false appearance hides a terrifying reality. The country, class, society, and system have gradually disappeared, but what has been replaced is not equality, but the company that have everything, the one and only one company. The company’s advertising has penetrated into the spirit and culture of the entire country, every citizen and every inch of their land, every grain of rice they eat, every breath of air they breathe, and every second of their time, are all the property of the company. Concepts such as “freedom” and “equality” are everywhere - they are put on the shelves for sale, of course, not the ownership of these rights, but only the temporary rental right to use them. The debt of every resident has been borne for hundreds of years, and their descendants will continue to bear these debts and serve the company for free. Spiritual drugs, mechanical police, and automated magic devices maintain the stability of this order, ensuring that no citizen dares to default on the company’s debt. Meanwhile, are the top executives of the company enjoying all this? Not sure, no resident has ever seen them.


=== '''Theocratic Corp''' ===

“Brand loyalty” is a very important indicator for commercial companies, and in the society of the theocratic corp, this indicator has been raised to a new height. Buying the company’s goods is no longer based on better quality or lower prices, but on the fanaticism of the company’s brand itself, or the worship of the company’s leaders. The middle-level employees of the company have become the messengers of the gods, representing the supreme god to bring sacred goods to the residents of the country. The lower-level employees of the company promote in various shopping malls that have been transformed into churches, leading customers to recite the company’s business philosophy and propaganda slogans. From time to time, the top executives of the company will appear on TV to convey the company’s divine mission to the residents of the country and consolidate their loyalty to the company. Who buys the most goods is what every citizen cares about; “Monthly Best Customer” is the supreme honor of this country. Have any questions about the quality of the company’s products? Please rest assured, the company’s customer service will come to your home to answer your questions.


=== '''High-tech Corp''' ===

The most profitable companies, sometimes even without producing any goods: thoughts, lighter than any crystal ore, but more precious than gold and silver jewelry. However, precious ideas need top brains to achieve, unfortunately, not all citizens have top brains. High-tech companies usually choose to rely on immigration policies to solve this problem. The remaining citizens of the country no longer have any value, their work, and even their roles in society will be replaced by machines and automation spells. Generation after generation of well-educated ponies or other creatures enter this country, and one by one design drawings and magic papers leave this country, while the citizens of this country can only leave rows of numbers in the history of this country.


=== '''Military Corp''' ===

At first, they may just be some military factories, or arms dealers. Later, the business expanded to bodyguards, escorts, assassinations, mercenaries, magic training. Later, debt collection, peacekeeping, coups, proxy wars. Then, massacre, destruction, doomsday weapons. Everything, just for a good price.


=== '''Bankrupt State''' ===

The economy of this country has fallen into an irreversible abyss, and their once proud state-owned companies have gone bankrupt, and other economies have lost the main pillar and are unable to bring hope to this country. The shadow of debt hangs over this country, the government changes daily, and protests and uprisings continue. In this country, every citizen is struggling to survive, and their government is unable to provide any help.


=== '''Federal Corp''' ===

Multiple different companies, formed a trade alliance for common interests - sometimes also a giant parent company caused by acquisitions and mergers. For each branch, what they care about is the KPI of the parent company, how to make their performance stand out in the evaluation of the parent company. For the parent company, they don’t care about various regions at all, as long as profits continue to flow into the account, they don’t care whether they cooperate with countries, companies, or monsters.


== '''Transcendence''' ==

Ideologies or political systems are nothing more than inefficient tools for ordinaries.

For spirits, deities, or those incomprehensible existences, they never need these useless systems.

Their will is the rule itself.



'''Ideologies under Transcendence Ethos:'''
* Magic Creatures
* Deity
* Hive Mind
* Gestalt Consciousness
* Crisis



=== '''Magic Creatures''' ===

They are creatures composed of magic, generally acting alone and not forming a social structure. They have strange magic that is magical but not particularly powerful, such as Ursa Major, Bugbears, Cockatrice, Cerberus, etc. Indeed, there will be pony scholars who question this concept: any creature has magic in its body and can be considered a magic creature. But in terms of daily life, this definition is clear enough.


=== '''Deity''' ===

Deity usually refers to magic creatures with more powerful powers. The magic academic community generally believes that the Black Crystal King can be regarded as the threshold of the deity: only creatures with the same or higher level of magic can be called deities. Today, the Wind Demon is undoubtedly a deity, as is the legendary Groja. Whether the god of harmony exists, scholars are still debating. The controversy of the deity of the old disorder is not great, but whether the deity of the current disorder should still be called a deity, scholars are mostly skeptical. Creatures such as the Evil Cocoon Queen and the Warm Light Flow are still not enough to meet the standards of deities. Of course, for scholars, different academic views are normal. The only thing they hate is being interrupted by a group of religious or even cultists when discussing the standards of deities.


=== '''Hive Mind''' ===

A powerful central host individual controls all individuals, and individual self-consciousness is suppressed and completely subject to the central host individual’s scheduling. The entire country operates around the central host like a machine. Many ponies do not understand the advantages of this social structure. Compared with the emergence and the Gestalt Consciousness, the Hive Mind seems to rely too much on the central host. Whether it is information transmission or computing power, this is not a very good link structure. But this is just as the villains in movies and novels often like to do: a powerful machine always sets a weak point that will collapse when touched, a self-destruct switch, so that our protagonist can save the world in the last second when the evil forces are about to win.


=== '''Gestalt Consciousness''' ===

Achieved complete unity of spirit, individual consciousness no longer exists. The entire country only exists as one individual, and each specific body is only an organ like a finger. Different from the emergence, the existence of the Gestalt Consciousness is objective: It may be a preserved consciousness, a piece of code, or an incarnation of a certain concept. Harmonic scholars believe that the control of the Deity of Harmony over the Tree of Harmony, the Treehouse of Harmony, and the Friendship Map is the embodiment of this Gestalt Consciousness.


=== '''Crisis''' ===

Even deities are not uncommon in the world of Equestria, and there are differences between deities. Although the Black Crystal King is also a powerful deity, it is insignificant compared to the Wind Demon and Groja. Therefore, the concept of crisis is proposed: an existence beyond the deity, a creature's existence is enough to cause catastrophic effects on the entire world.


== '''Chaos''' ==

No order to speak of.



'''Ideologies under Chaos Ethos:'''
* Anarchy



=== '''Anarchy''' ===

No order to speak of.


